Clarify home network SSID changeability - User feedback (#1256)
home-assistant/companion.home-assistant: docs/getting_started/connection_security_level.md

This option ensures the app only connect to a unencrypted URL (for example, `http://homeassistant.local:8123`) when you are currently on your specified home network. When you are not on the specified home network, the app will display a screen blocking access and describing the requirements to connect. This also means that background activity will be blocked until a secure connection can be established.

> You can specify your Wi-Fi SSID (for example, "GrandmaHome5G") to be considered your home network, you can change this later in companion app settings anytime you want.

Reviewer: I don't know what exactly the feedback is, but now you have a very long sentence. Telling the user where the setting can be changed also is a nice way to link to the other options in the list which the user may want to change later.

```suggestion
You can specify your Wi-Fi SSID (for example, "GrandmaHome5G") to be considered your home network.
 - You can change home network settings such as the Wi-Fi SSID in **Settings** > **Companion app** > **[server name]** anytime you want.
```

This option ensures the app only connect to a unencrypted URL (for example, `http://homeassistant.local:8123`) when you are currently on your specified home network. When you are not on the specified home network, the app will display a screen blocking access and describing the requirements to connect. This also means that background activity will be blocked until a secure connection can be established.

You can specify your Wi-Fi SSID (for example, "GrandmaHome5G") to be considered your home network.

>  - You can change home network settings such as the Wi-Fi SSID in **Settings** > **Companion app** > **[server name]** anytime you want.

Reviewer: Minor Markdown fix, I didn't notice the list didn't have a space before the dashes

```suggestion
- You can change home network settings such as the Wi-Fi SSID in **Settings** > **Companion app** > **[server name]** anytime you want.
```
